nurse ratchet is formidable cunning
manipulative cold-blooded and willing to
do whatever it takes
to get her way you wouldn't want her as
an enemy but what if she wants
let's break down how to kill nurse
ratchet
we open them in 1947 where a group of
priests come back home to get chased and
killed by one man
who takes special pleasure in killing
father monsignor his actual father
who raped his mom years ago i'm gonna go
out on a limb and say this guy might
have deserved it
the only one who survives among them is
father andrews who watches this man
kill the pastor six months later mildred
ratchet checks in at the sea light inn
before heading to lucia state hospital
for an interview with dr hanover she
butts heads
with head nurse betsy bucket she's right
to be suspicious of mildred who insists
on meeting handover mildred is finally
able to talk to dr hanover who confirms
that he did not schedule an appointment
with the woman
but is impressed by her she was an army
nurse back in the pacific theater in
world war ii and has tons of experience
in all manner of things
okay already we've got a stupid mistake
when a woman fakes an appointment
and her resume sounds too good to be
true it's probably because it is
he should be verifying her account to
even consider her coming to work at the
hospital
he doesn't and it will definitely come
back to haunt him
back at the motel mildred bumps into a
man and she slips a note underneath his
door for a night of passion but it's
actually this weird role-playing thing
no touching no petting mildred just
wants to pretend they're a married
couple
getting into an argument okay this woman
is
bad crazy this is both her strength and
her weakness
she's crazy enough to do things no one
else would do but it's also a place to
manipulate her as well
she can be discredited if her psychosis
is revealed giving you the upper hand
and stripping her over power the
governor's secretary gwen
visits dr hanover that night and lays
down a pitch for his hospital
since the clergy killer edmund tillerson
is being moved here to lucia
if hanover can prove him to be mentally
fit for execution then the governor is
sure to fund the hospital
nurse bucket prepares her staff for
today's visit by the governor having
them humanely tame and tranquilize
the patients nurses are tough if they
say you're acting up they'll drug you
or confine you or even lobotomize you
you have no power
so you're not going to win at her game
your best chance at taking advantage of
this power dynamic
is to find a way to make ratchet a
patient of the hospital so that your
actions aren't questioned
and she won't be able to resist giving
you full control to end her life
dr hanover takes the governor on a tour
and that's a nurse bucket calls for help
as father murphy has collapsed on the
ground but as nurse bucket observes
he almost died from low blood pressure
which she suspects was caused by someone
giving father murphy
the wrong medication later mildred finds
out that one of the patients
mr salvatore has been hospitalized here
since his brother died
she tells salvatore that his family
doesn't want him out and understands how
he feels since
she too lost a brother who was taken
away from her years ago
she brings salvatore to hanover's office
where he uses a letter opener
to kill himself dr hannover hears a thud
in his
office he finds the dead body of
salvatore in his bathroom
it freaks out since with this death he's
ruined the governor will never fund this
place
but mildred very calmly tells him what
to do
okay see here she's already got this
entire place
wrapped around her finger if you let her
dig in too deep you'll end up fired
in jail or even dead now should already
be the time to begin planning a way
to kill nurse mildred ratchet she's
clearly devious which means she will be
constantly on the move putting her plans
in action
hanover's best chance is to ask nurse
bucket to note where ratchet goes
and who she talks to even if you don't
catch a murderer her movements will be
suspicious enough
for questioning she'll get desperate and
show her hand while he goes off to
schmooze and talk to the governor
ratchet burns the body inside the
incinerator later that night nurse
ratchet visits edmund tulson and his
cell and they recognize each other
and she promises to him she will make
sure he won't be executed
the next day down below in the lobby
peter lilly ingrid and len
are four patients waiting to be cured of
their illnesses through dr hanover's new
revolutionary procedure the lobotomy the
audience
is horrified as a sealed grisly work
being done by dr hanover
but nurse ratchet is very interested in
the procedure
this is the earliest sign to any
observer but something is definitely
wrong with her
someone like nurse bucket should have
noticed this to further arouse her
suspicions
on their lunch break ratchet and bucket
butt heads over a stolen peach for lunch
in mildred threatens the head nurse for
being an unrepenting coworker
bucket is asking for it she clearly
doesn't know her opponent
and all over a peach lions are being
drawn here so now nurse bucket needs a
strategy to get revenge
and for god's sakes it needs to be a lot
better than just eating
her peach maybe a peach injected with
sodium pentothal to knock her out
and get to the truth there will be
plenty in the hospital and
we know she likes peaches ratchet gets
invited to go to an oyster bar with wen
just the two of them there's clear hints
that gwen and mildred are attracted to
each other and gwen actually takes her
into the woods
to this quaint little bar filled with
lesbians and mildred
isn't into this or so she says dr
hanover meets edmund who he realizes is
faking schizophrenia
and makes sure that edmund knows he
wants to help him reassuring him that he
doesn't want him to be executed
wow edmond is freaking smart but hanover
is smarter
if there's anyone that could outmaneuver
these psycho siblings it might be him
later she visits father andrews the sole
survivor of edmund's killing and
convinces him to be interviewed so that
he can know what he went through
she meets up with father andrews inside
a hotel room where she has set up a
recorder and as he's talking
drugs his cup of tea as he continues to
explain that he would recognize edmund's
face
if he saw it he finishes drinking the
tea and becomes weak
blacking out when he comes too he finds
himself locked to the headboard and he
can do nothing to stop ratchet from
giving him a lobotomy
at this point we can see just how
vicious and twisted
ratchet is and how far she's willing to
go to protect her brother
we need to match her brutality because
if a situation comes down to us
or her brother you better believe we're
next on the table
we need to be able to flip her plans on
their head knowing her usual day-to-day
routine is crucial to this
as you'll know when something strange
has happened if you don't see her either
at the motel
or the hospital the man who's been
spying on dr hanover
comes to the lavish home of lenoir
osgood if we find out this man
charles wainwright is a hitman hired to
kill dr emmanuel baniaga the real name
of dr hanover who did something to her
son that has made lenore
so upset that she wants to give her son
his head for his 21st birthday
at a gas station dr hanover almost gets
killed by charles who's intent on
getting paid but he misses
and has to chase after hanover in his
car with a good doctor on the run
charles returns to the motel and has
another role play session with mildred
whose fantasy tonight is getting down
and dirty with an injured marine
the hitman should realize that ratchet
is aroused by scenarios that involve
torture and punishment
a curious man might find that she works
at the mental facility is a sexual
deviant for which the treatment is
lobotomy and hydrotherapy
either one could enter her death if he
had help from someone in the hospital or
at least give him blackmail over her if
the need arose
the next morning dr hanover is asked by
nurse bucket where mr salvatore has gone
and he starts sweating bullets
until ratchet pops in to distract her
she invites him to have dinner at the
oyster bar
and finds out why he's being followed
hanover confesses that years ago he
helped treat a rich woman's son who was
completely deranged
hanover tried to help him proposing to
treat her son henry of laceric acid
but then as he was distracted henry
poured the entire bottle of acid
in his cup and hannover became super
blazed
after disappearing the kid comes back
with a pair of arms
that he wants to stitch onto himself and
like something out of a nightmare
hanover stitched the arms onto the
stumps finding out later that the kid's
arms and legs had to be chopped off
after they got infected and it's because
of this that mrs osgood wants him dead
back at lucia hospital down in his cell
dolly delivers food to edmond and gets a
little
handsy with the man word of this gets to
mildred who talks to dolly and tells her
outright that she's a nymphomaniac
she's got urges that need to be
fulfilled but there's only one guy who
can do that
she pitches a plan to work that has
dolly meeting up with edmond in the
shower room
at 205 he'll have plenty of time to get
it on given that bucket will be on her
break during that time
back at the motel she asks charles why
he's after dr hanover
and offers to help telling charles that
she'll have him in his office at lucia
at this point if he was halfway decent
at his job charles should already know
not to trust her so when she invites to
help him kill hanover he should play
along
but expect foul play from ratchet in
fact i would have killed her right now
because she knows way too much entering
the hospital
she finds that hanover has knocked
charles out with an ashtray and together
they lock him inside the hot bath
and boil him alive but harold the
nightgown spots charles
as he grabs his gun and shoots charles
before he gets too close
gwen hanover and mildred find the dead
body and agree to keep this hush hush
burning charles's body and belongings in
the incinerator
anytime you and her are in the
incinerator room is a time that she
could be killed
you could take that stool over there and
knock her out using it before putting
her in the incinerator proper
this disposes the evidence which could
otherwise lead back to you if it's found
mildred heads back to the motel breaking
into charles's room with his key and
finds files on dr hanover a check
for 50 000 in a book with lenora
osgood's number at the back
she calls a woman telling her charles is
dead and invites her to come stay in
town
the next day hanover meets mildred at a
restaurant and is blackmailed into
helping her make sure
that edmund does not get executed as
well as electing her as head nurse
demoting nurse bucket ratchet is the
queen of blackmail
he must realize by now that she has to
go and there's no pleasant way to do
that
i would slip with sergic acid into her
drink at the hospital she would begin
acting crazy so i would have her
admitted where i could microdose her
every day
and slowly kill her under my control now
in a position of power
mildred plans on hosting a dance next
thursday with the staff and patience
which is all a ruse
so that edmond can throw a scene there
where he'll make sure everyone thinks
he's crazy
slitting his wrists through a razor and
speaking in tongues later that day
charlotte wells is admitted to the
hospital a woman who's been having
lapses in her memory and as you discover
has multiple personality disorder with
three alters
she's the perfect patient that ratchet
believes will make the governor totally
forget
about edmund so long as she's cured the
next day mrs lenore osgood arrives in
town and invites mildred to her hotel
where ratchet
tells her she knows about henry mildred
then gets a deal with osgood she'll kill
hanover for a hundred thousand dollars
back at the hospital hanover tries to
hypnotize charlotte wells
he's able to cure her of her alters and
finds out the source of her trauma
louise the concierge visits nurse's
bucket and together
they hatch escape while hanover and her
are at the dance
louise will break into mildred's room
and find whatever dirty secret she can
get her hands on
finally someone has the balls to
investigate ratchet this is a good plan
there's a distraction there's
predictable scheduling
it's great but there's more they could
do finding evidence to guarantee more
trouble to use to their advantage
later on thursday night comes and the
party is in full swing
there's bucket dances of hanover who
gets really into it after shooting up
gwen comes to chaperone mildred and
finally edmond arrives at the party
and slowly dances in the light with
dolly who has her own plan
mildred signals for edmond to prove he's
crazy but things
don't go according to plan he takes a
razor blade he slits harold's throat
killing him as dolly grabs the guard's
gun and shoots gwen
now there's a gun involved obviously
great for killing but using it yourself
is stupid now she's culpable for murder
so find your most violent patient
give them the gun and point them in the
direction of your enemy as a statewide
manhunt begins with the two youngsters
they hide out in an abandoned house
where dolly finds a shotgun
and the two sleep in the barn the cops
finally catch up to edmund
surrounding the barn they're hiding in
and edmond walks out of the barn
surrendering to the cops only for dolly
to come out firing her shotgun the cops
who shoot back
killing her in arresting edmund who's
dragged back in chains to lucia
later the governor forces hanover to
sign the release that will let edmund be
executed with holding funding for lucia
otherwise the thing is that's a lie the
governor has
already pulled the funding in fire squad
so not only is the hospital going to be
shut down
but edmond is going to be killed luis
meets up with nurse bucket with stuff
she found in mildred's room
various newspaper clippings on the
clergy killer charles's case files on dr
hanover in the recorder she used to
interview father andrews that still has
the recording
including all the grisly details in her
motel room
nurse bucket tells mildred she knows
about her brother edmund who plans to
save him
and if ratchet thinks about killing her
a friend will leak all its evidence to
the police
she also knows that ratchet wasn't even
a nurse she lied about her training
and when she got back stateside forged
dr hanover's letter to apply to lucia
sometimes it takes one psycho to catch
another these two women are
ridiculous and yet they are the only
ones on to military ratchet the mistake
to confront her about it
it only invites lies or retaliation what
they should have done
was take it to the hospital and then the
police betsy bucket
is moved by your story and as you're
joining on a plan the next day they
visit a woman to ask for funding for the
hospital
military tells the truth of dr hanover
and what he did to henry osgood
with that sorted betsy bucket becomes
the interim head which she is more than
happy to rub in dr hanover's face
now before he leaves he takes charlotte
the woman with the multiple
personalities
at this point if there's anyone that
wants to kill ratchet it's hanover he's
already crossed several ethical
boundaries but
don't kill yourself that's messy and
stressful i would tell charlotte wells
that ratchet was adolf hitler
and wanted to kill her because aside
from edmund she's the most prolific
killer of them all or at least the most
violent patient if i regularly hypnotize
her reinforcing the thought
she might attack ratchet and kill her
for me they go to their hotel room to
rest
but charlotte has to hide as the police
come knocking hanover forces charlie to
get up
and pushes her into the closet before
sorting things out with the police
and when he opens the door charlotte's
alters return to protect her and apollo
locks the front door before he stabs dr
hanover to death
mildred heads over to the hotel after
getting a call from charlotte who's
confused and scared
she doesn't remember killing hannover
the next day she visits lenoir osgood
at her mansion and hands over a hat box
with the head of dr hanover
lenora is ecstatic she hands over the
check to mildred
before taking the head to henry who has
her killed by a manservant
one month later mildred finds out that
the governor has
no intention of using lethal injection
to kill edmund instead
he wants to use the electric chair all
this
to look good for his re-election
campaign so they come up with a
different plan
with betsy's help before edmund is to be
executed they'll take him into the barn
after making sure none of the guards are
there
mildred will go with him to see these
animals that he likes so much before
huck will come along
and inject them with a sedative letting
mildred the chance to inject them
lethally
herself on the other hand this is a
wooden barn making it very flammable
lock nurse ratchet and edmond inside and
have them die either from smoke
inhalation or the flames themselves
on our way back to her office betsy
finds out that an old friend has come
back
charlotte with an entirely new altar
that believes it is dr hanover
she rifles to the desk to collect her
things and finds the revolver that dr
hanover took off of charles
when betsy comes back with huck
charlotte shoots huck dead and has betsy
take them to see edmund who she believes
she can cure
she kills another man and has betty
unlock his cell he takes the guard's
rifle and interrogates betsy at gunpoint
who asks her
if this is a part of mildred's plan and
she totally spills the real plan to
euthanize edmund in the barn they save
him from the chair
and now free he and charlotte hop into
her convertible
passing by mildred and leaving the
hospital behind gwen and mildred reunite
with betsy at a hacienda where mildred
still feels like edmund is out there but
as they're having lunch mildred hears
news about seven nurses being murdered
in chicago
and receives a phone call from edmond
she knows he's coming after her and that
someone sold her out to him the call
ends with edmond hopping in the charters
convertible
along with louise who sits in the back
as they drive off on the lonesome road
but what do you think do you agree with
my theories or do you disagree
let me know with a comment down below
with that said thank you so much for
watching leave a like and subscribe and
check out the playlist that's up on the
channel
until next time have a damn good day